Adding imageUrl, upcType, upcCode to PayPalLineItem (#871)
braintree/braintree_android: CHANGELOG.md

# Braintree Android SDK Release Notes

# unreleased

> * BraintreePayPal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PayPal
```

# Braintree Android SDK Release Notes

# unreleased

> * BraintreePayPal
>   * Add following properties to PayPalLineItem
>     * imageUrl
>     * upcCode
>     * upcType

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* PayPal
  * Add `imageUrl`, `upcCode`, and `upcType` to `PayPalLineItem`
```
Nitpick but keeps the changelog a little more concise
